---
title: 此篇的作用暂时还不明显
date: 2025-05-15 00:03:00 +0800
last_modified_at: 2025-05-15 00:04:00 +0800
categories: [不可解] # 最多两层
tags: [principle]
# toc: false # 关闭目录
---

## Bible

### Genesis

> And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee, whithersoever thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land. For I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.
{: .prompt-tip }

### Exodus

> 埃及法老：Make the work harder for the people so that they keep working and pay no attention to lies.
{: .prompt-tip }

> “Therefore, say to the Israelites: ‘I am the Lord, and I will bring you out from under the yoke of the Egyptians. I will free you from being slaves to them, and I will redeem you with an outstretched arm and with mighty acts of judgment.
{: .prompt-tip }

> The Ten Commandments\
 And God spoke all these words:\
 “I am the Lord your God, who brought you out of Egypt, out of the land of slavery.\
 “You shall have no other gods before me.\
 “You shall not make for yourself an image in the form of anything in heaven above or on the earth beneath or in the waters below. \
 You shall not bow down to them or worship them; for I, the Lord your God, am a jealous God, punishing the children for the sin of the parents to the third and fourth generation of those who hate me, \
 but showing love to a thousand generations of those who love me and keep my commandments.\
 “You shall not misuse the name of the Lord your God, for the Lord will not hold anyone guiltless who misuses his name.\
 “Remember the Sabbath day by keeping it holy. \
 Six days you shall labor and do all your work, \
 but the seventh day is a sabbath to the Lord your God. On it you shall not do any work, neither you, nor your son or daughter, nor your male or female servant, nor your animals, nor any foreigner residing in your towns. \
 For in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, but he rested on the seventh day. Therefore the Lord blessed the Sabbath day and made it holy.\
 “Honor your father and your mother, so that you may live long in the land the Lord your God is giving you.\
 “You shall not murder.\
 “You shall not commit adultery.\
 “You shall not steal.\
 “You shall not give false testimony against your neighbor.\
 “You shall not covet your neighbor’s house. You shall not covet your neighbor’s wife, or his male or female servant, his ox or donkey, or anything that belongs to your neighbor.”
{: .prompt-tip }

> Laws of Justice and Mercy\
 “Do not spread false reports. Do not help a guilty person by being a malicious witness.\
 “Do not follow the crowd in doing wrong. When you give testimony in a lawsuit, do not pervert justice by siding with the crowd,  and do not show favoritism to a poor person in a lawsuit.\
 “If you come across your enemy’s ox or donkey wandering off, be sure to return it.  If you see the donkey of someone who hates you fallen down under its load, do not leave it there; be sure you help them with it.\
 “Do not deny justice to your poor people in their lawsuits.  Have nothing to do with a false charge and do not put an innocent or honest person to death, for I will not acquit the guilty.\
 “Do not accept a bribe, for a bribe blinds those who see and twists the words of the innocent.\
 “Do not oppress a foreigner; you yourselves know how it feels to be foreigners, because you were foreigners in Egypt.
{: .prompt-tip }

### Numbers

> The Lord said to Moses and Aaron: “How long will this wicked community grumble against me? I have heard the complaints of these grumbling Israelites. So tell them, ‘As surely as I live, declares the Lord, I will do to you the very thing I heard you say: In this wilderness your bodies will fall—every one of you twenty years old or more who was counted in the census and who has grumbled against me. Not one of you will enter the land I swore with uplifted hand to make your home, except Caleb son of Jephunneh and Joshua son of Nun. As for your children that you said would be taken as plunder, I will bring them in to enjoy the land you have rejected. But as for you, your bodies will fall in this wilderness. Your children will be shepherds here for forty years, suffering for your unfaithfulness, until the last of your bodies lies in the wilderness. For forty years—one year for each of the forty days you explored the land—you will suffer for your sins and know what it is like to have me against you.’ I, the Lord, have spoken, and I will surely do these things to this whole wicked community, which has banded together against me. They will meet their end in this wilderness; here they will die.”
{: .prompt-tip }

> They traveled from Mount Hor along the route to the Red Sea, to go around Edom. But the people grew impatient on the way; they spoke against God and against Moses, and said, “Why have you brought us up out of Egypt to die in the wilderness? There is no bread! There is no water! And we detest this miserable food!”
Then the Lord sent venomous snakes among them; they bit the people and many Israelites died.
{: .prompt-tip }

> Vows
Moses said to the heads of the tribes of Israel: “This is what the Lord commands: \
When a man makes a vow to the Lord or takes an oath to obligate himself by a pledge, he must not break his word but must do everything he said.\
“When a young woman still living in her father’s household makes a vow to the Lord or obligates herself by a pledge and her father hears about her vow or pledge but says nothing to her, then all her vows and every pledge by which she obligated herself will stand. But if her father forbids her when he hears about it, none of her vows or the pledges by which she obligated herself will stand; the Lord will release her because her father has forbidden her.\
“If she marries after she makes a vow or after her lips utter a rash promise by which she obligates herself and her husband hears about it but says nothing to her, then her vows or the pledges by which she obligated herself will stand. But if her husband forbids her when he hears about it, he nullifies the vow that obligates her or the rash promise by which she obligates herself, and the Lord will release her.\
These are the regulations the Lord gave Moses concerning relationships between a man and his wife, and between a father and his young daughter still living at home.
{: .prompt-tip }

### Deuteronomy

> 
{: .prompt-tip }

> 
{: .prompt-tip }

> 
{: .prompt-tip }



## G Campbell Morgan

### 1


### 2


### 3
